hello everybody this is a fetus machine
from smugmug you productions and just
wanted to show you guys a way that you
can play psone classics on your Vita so
go ahead and hit remote play I use the
private network because there's less lag
but you can use the internet one if you
want but
okay so just head over to where your ps1
game is and load it up
I'll be honest I've only tried this with
final fantasy 5 but I'm pretty sure the
other games will work too
that's what I meant by the lack boy
don't you get it loaded up I was playing
it earlier is just fine
okay maybe some major lag
anyways that's how you do it just
thought i would also throw this in there
that if you hold down on the touch
screen then it'll load up your PS button
and the power button that's how you get
out of it so you press PS button then
quick game yes and that's how you get
out of it and then hitting the power
button the top right corner is the way
to turn it off and that's it